streamaggr: made labels compressor shared (#6173)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): support data replication additionally to sharding among remote storage systems if `-remoteWrite.shardByURLReplicas=N` command-line flag is set additionally to `-remoteWrite.shardByURL` command-line flag, where `N` is desired replication factor. This allows setting up data replication among failure domains when the replication factor is smaller than the number of failure domains. See [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/#sharding-among-remote-storages) and [this feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6054).
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): reduce CPU usage when [sharding among remote storage systems](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/#sharding-among-remote-storages) is enabled.

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): reduce memory usage by making labels compressor for stream aggregators and deduplicators shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): reduce memory usage during stream aggregation if multiple aggregation configs are used for the same set of data.
```
